---
title: Media
layout: post
author: alexander.fraser
permalink: /media/
source-id: 1kTrdmRx5UgIvycOeA8zO4GawRWxGW894aNxeyqL_rQM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    22/04/18
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>We came into the classroom and Mr Keen started to talk to ask us about what we thought media was.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Our target for the lesson was to understand that media can influence your beliefs and thoughts, and this may be in a bad way.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I now understand that media like newspapers aren't always correct and may add fake or unnecessary information to change our views.  </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>During the end of the lesson we played a game of bingo that involved asking each other questions about our media usage, even though some of the questions were very unusual and many people couldn't answer them I persevered on and didn’t lie to fill in the gaps. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>When I was looking up news headlines in the lesson I definitely questioned whether they were true so I clicked on the links and investigated further. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Mr Keen asked us at one point if we were born in other countries or our parents or our Grandparents were foreign. I know that my family hails from britain so I didn’t need to stand up, however I did feel uncomfortable not standing as almost everyone else had, but I stayed independent and did the truthful thing. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>After the lesson I actually stopped and thought about how true some of the points had been and about how much I’m influenced by the media.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>Mr Keen did use some unusual teaching methods in the lesson, so it was a bit off putting and distracted a lot of people. However I did not let it faze me and I listened just as hard and got the meaning of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I could have been more involved in the lesson because I didn’t put my hand up very much and I don’t think that I took away as much information as I should have.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to put my hand up much more occasionally and listen more so I can take away more information. I could even take notes on a google document. </td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


